what's going on guys in the works and
welcome to another battlefield 3
showdown between the SKS and the m4 17
now a large majority of you guys wanted
to see the showdown between what many
people consider to be spam cannons and
noob weapons so we're going to decide
which one of these weapons actually
truly is the best of breed
last week we did the m416 versus the m16
the two top tier assault rifles and the
Facebook polls were pretty conclusive
that the majority of you guys wanted to
vote for the m416 so I would say the
comments though were kind of mixed but
in the Facebook poll the m416 definitely
got the edge I don't know if that's
because of the disdain towards the m16
but it looks like the m416 is our winner
so if you want to be a part in this
week's episode and have your say be sure
to vote in the Facebook poll and leave
your comments because I always use those
for the next video but the SKS and the
m4 17 are two weapons that I could not
ignore I've been spammed since
close-quarters camp came out to do this
showdown but since so many people either
like semi-autos or they hate them I was
kind of nervous about doing them because
I didn't want to create an episode that
caused controversy so hopefully even if
you don't like semi-auto sniper rifles
or weapons in general you can learn
something from this and enjoy this
episode but let's take a look at the
stats here you can clearly see the m4 17
does do a little bit more max damage at
50 and it drops off at 37 point 5 to the
SKS is 27 but the SKS does have a better
recoil and it does have a faster rate of
fire it does shoot a slightly slower but
I will point out that you can use heavy
barrel and SKS to kind of counteract
that
but the m4 17 is an interesting weapon
as you see me get a marksman 308 with
that now that's a rarity especially with
an ACOG I wouldn't really consider
either these weapons quote long-range
weapons however they both do possess the
ability to reach out a little bit
further and get people beyond the medium
range because when you look at these two
weapons you kind of think of them as
medium-range sniper rifles you don't
really think of them as the long-range
marksman rifles but I would say the max
range on these things is around 500
meters maybe after that you're really
going to struggle because there's one
thing that I found about these they're
not really super accurate they're you
know they're they're called you know
DMR's designated marksman rifles but
sometimes they do a really bad job about
that because the aim-down-sight accuracy
on the m4 17 is actually the lowest of
these semi-auto snipers it's aim down
sight spread is point zero five versus a
lot of the semi-autos I think in fact
all of them is point zero one one six
seven some crazy long number like that
so in terms of accuracy it's definitely
not the best in my Auto sniper but it
does have the
it's rate of fire and that's kind of how
they balance it out now on the flip side
you've got the SKS the SKS is aimed
downside accuracy is 0.1 so if you look
at it like that it's got almost double
the spread than the em 417 in terms of
accuracy when aiming down sights one
thing that the SKS does have over the in
417 is the rate of fire and the fact
that it has a better recoil now if you
go back and look at the stat chart I put
up you'll notice that I put for the
recoil in the in 417 I put weird because
it has a very strange recoil I have a
hard time predicting the recoil in it
personally because it is a little bit
more wild is it's unlike a lot of the
weapons in the game because it does have
negative recoil to the left as a very
high upward recoil and it's got a really
hard pull to the right as well so we
kind of get a weapon that behaves a
little bit differently than what we see
in battlefield usually a weapon pulls
one direction and that's it
very rarely do we have a weapon that can
pull to the right and left bite right
and left right and left and it's kind of
kind of tricky to use whereas the SKS
it's notorious for having very very low
recoil because all its pulls are to the
center so it's really really easy to
snipe people at longer ranges with the
SKS even though the bolt velocity on
this thing isn't the best even though
the aim-down-sight accuracy on this
thing isn't the best it is possible so
it's definitely possible to get some
long range kills especially if you're
getting head shots because this is a
four bullet kill so if you get some head
shots you could be looking at some two
bullet kills so that's pretty impressive
considering that the SKS is more of a
medium range weapon and it does possess
the ability to reach out I do think
however the SKS is better suited to a
mid range roll I think that's really
where it excels considering that if you
put some lower zoom optics on it maybe
like the flash suppressor or even the
suppressor some people like to use for
grip and use it in close quarters this
thing can be pretty deadly you know I've
had some good success with flash
suppressor and foregrip on this thing
because it makes it almost recoilless
now it does increase the aim down sight
spread but that's something you have to
trade off now which weapon is best in
which scenario now I don't think there's
a clear-cut winner this week because
they are kind of different I mean one
can do things better than the other I
think for close quarters engagements if
you're going to take in their close
quarters the SKS is always going to win
and the reasoning behind that is because
it has better hipfire
it has better aim down sight accuracy
while moving so it does possess the
ability to be a little bit more
versatile I think than the in 417
because I find the in 417 to be very
very difficult to get people at longer
and medium ranges you'll see some shots
here I'm just they're all over the place
where as with the SKS even though it's
not as accurate it has a faster rate of
fire has less recoil so it's a lot
easier to compensate for things because
you're not worrying about your weapon
jumping all over the screen and stuff
like that so there's not a lot of
differences between these two they do
have different damage models but in
terms of being the rolls I think in 417
is definitely better at longer ranges in
certain situations but I wouldn't really
count the the SKS out because like I
said the low recoil makes it really easy
to just stay on target and just be very
consistent with your shots so let me
know in the Facebook poll which one you
guys think because I don't really have a
clear-cut winner so I'm looking for your
feedback and as always let me know what
you'd like to see in a future episode
but if you're missing the past show
downs now is your chance to catch up to
Awesome episodes I'll see you guys next
time peace
you